{"name":"BiuBiu"},
{
"key":"csp_biubiu_ssdy",
"name":"双十电影",
"type":3,
"api":"csp_XBiubiu",
"searchable":1,
"quickSearch":1,
"filterable":0,
"ext":"文件路径/biubiu/1010dy.json"
},



ssdy"双十电影  biubiu/1010dy.json
ysgc"影视工厂  biubiu/ysgc.json
zmdy"周末电影  biubiu/zmdy.json
xqm"小强迷  biubiu/xqm.json
wmkk"完美看看  biubiu/wmkk.json
czzy"厂长资源  biubiu/czzy.json
ftyy"饭团影院  biubiu/ftyy.json
kdyy"口袋影院  biubiu/kdyy.json
jbb"剧白白  biubiu/jbb.json
rrys"如如影视  biubiu/rrys.json
vip1280"VIP1280  biubiu/vip1280.json
qyyy"奇优影院  biubiu/qyyy.json
555dy"555电影  biubiu/555dy.json
wgyy"乌龟影院  biubiu/wgyy.json
lezhutv"乐猪影视  biubiu/lezhutv.json
xkys"星空影视  biubiu/xkys.json
shdy"骚火电影  biubiu/shdy.json
cokemv"COKEMV  biubiu/cokemv.json
ldtv"六度TV  biubiu/ldtv.json
zxzj"在线之家  biubiu/zxzj.json
libvio"LIBVIO影视  biubiu/libvio.json
